alright hey everybody in the world this
is uh Gary AKA dark scary and i just
wanted to give you all a little video
tour of my Volkswagen truck aka the
truck dosa so we'll start from the
outside here it is it's got the 97 Jetta
rims on it front bumper we pushed in a
bit stock bumper there's the grill and
all that stuff it's kind of hard to see
in this light what right down here is
the intercooler it's a little vent it's
kind of a bottom mount deal that my
friend Dave over at in line performance
made did a great job got the remote
mirror upgrade we have the line X spray
in bedliner real good stuff turbo diesel
badge here's the back bumper custom job
made manufactured out of a front bumper
we've got extra reverse fog lights back
here tail gate opens nice and easy got
the split rear window moving along to
the inside entire dashboard and interior
came out of a 1984 jetta in here we've
got the ice department a Eclipse deck
and then we still have a functional
glove box down here moving right along
we've got a 5-speed transmission swap
voltmeter water temp oil pressure yes we
do indeed have air conditioning I've got
Auto Meter pyrometer engine hours meter
out of a vintage beetle and auto meter
boost gauge going along here you'll
notice there might be a few extra
switches this first one is for the front
fog lights the second one is for a
radiator fan override the third one here
turns on mile
neon light bulbs it makes the footwells
glow green and then get the hazard
switch here looking at the speedometer
two hundred and ninety thousand miles
going right along you see a secondary
switch panel this will turn on
subwoofers auxiliary 12 volts to the
back reverse fog lights air compressor
underneath and horn override which is
not yet functional got our diesel timing
advance here put out five and a quarter
coaxials and the doors again here's
another shot of the interior headliner
got a pretty good stretch on it i still
need to do a little bit of work on the
back corners but it's close so let's a
pop the hood and go under the end to the
engine to do this no I'll have to warn
you better put your sunglasses on and
bam so this is a 1.6 liter turbo diesel
motor stock bottom end stock head for
the most part we put head studs on it's
got a 2 notch head gasket g60 valve
cover just took them polished up the top
the injection pump a little bit polish
your alternator going back here to
garrett t3 turbo charger which is one of
the larger ones on the original turbo
diesels Dave over it in line he made
this manifold kind of passenger
performance style cut their top off the
original one and glued this log inlet on
the top I've got a strut bar up here
manifold and turbo plumbing over to the
intercooler that's down below pretty
much the stock radiator it's one of the
larger variety it's got an air
conditioning condenser in there we took
them plumbed all the the coolant lines
and fuel lines down but with beneath
everything of that over and around
instead of coming up over the motor this
up here in the rain tray is
a custom fabricated windshield wiper
bottle from windshield wiper motors over
here which allows a lot more clean over
here on this side of the engine bay took
and painted the the tank black with a
little window just makes it kind of fade
into the background and we've got the
the red top dry cell battery which we
took in did quite a bit of wiring work
put a hot post down there and really
just cleaned it all up so there's not a
whole bunch of wires hanging all over
the place it's not a hundred percent
done but it's getting awfully close down
here in front of a motor we took in
tucked it's kind of hard to see with
this camera but tucked a whole lot of
wiring up into one little bundle so it's
not hanging out all over you got plenty
of room in here now to get into stuff
and see down there we had to make a
custom oil line this is a custom
breather setup that this slide shoots
back over and into the intake I got this
big KN on there right now I'm going to
eventually put a smaller one on but uh
to start and it's about the motor so uh
if you want to hold on for just a second
I'll start it and now we can hear what
this bad boy sounds like get climbing in
the car this is about my my favorite
part of any day lighten up the global
plugs and three two one ignition
and she roars to life
all right let's go rev it up a little
bit
horrors going
and that is the truck doza hope you
enjoyed this presentation have a
wonderful